When you do the meditation, generally meditation means maintaining and being in the natural states.
That is really what is the meaning of the meditation.
Meditation means being in the natural state, being in that state.
And so, to be in the natural state, then present our mind is not the natural state.
Present our mind is completely on the unnatural state.
Unnatural state. Unnatural state is what is. All these conceptions, all these turbulence of the
emotions,
ups and downs, back and forth, all this booziness is never letting us to be relaxed and be in the
natural state.
We are carried by the force of this wind of the unnatural energy of the conception that manifests
from mind to you.
And the conception itself is empty, is like turbulence, turbulence of the wind.
Of course, wind is like foam, but this time this conception has no foam.
It is nothing substantially existing, yet it is disturbing carried us from the natural state to the
unnatural state of conception itself.
That is it. In that time, then what we experience, we are all so much tired of our mind sometimes.
Those of us who are so tired, what is it that is called?
Excites, deep rations, and our lower psychological problems.
And all that, all that starts from the mind.
And the mind is empty. There is nothing substantially solid existing at all.
I mean, that is not the way we are talking. I am not talking the story of Buddha.
Buddha is not talking the story of the power behind of the galaxies.
Truly, Buddha is pointing out exactly where our mind, our nature is.
So we look to ourselves. Is mind really existing? There is something. No, it is not.
So now, for that reason, we have to relax. We have to rest.
When we relax, that terminology in Buddhism is gone.
And we need to be the Buddhism translated as gone.
And Sanskrit is Dayan, and English translated as meditation.
Now we are meditating.
And meditation is nothing else besides relax on the mind.
It has nothing to do with religion, that tradition, this and that.
It has nothing to do.
It is just simple, relaxing our mind on the natural calm, peaceful status.
That is it. There is nothing else.
In order to do this, then, first of all, gracious teaching, all those lineage masters always make
it.
As I said, every time I say it, you all bring more joy and appreciation.
To start this, to start our practice, to start meditation, bring more joy and appreciation.
And to do this, it is simple to tell, reflecting on the four points.
Those are the precious life and impermanent, and cause and condition are inevitable.
Of cause and condition, its results are inevitable, and samsara, or the world, has challenge.
Challenge, reflect, those are the four points.
We start reflecting to those.
Those are the truly occurring phenomena on this phenomenal world.
Reality level, of course, they are also really not solid, permanent.
Conquered, truly existing, but they are illusion.
But yet, they are truly occurring, happening, ongoing phenomena, all ongoing, going this place in
this world.
First is, as I said, joy and appreciation.
That is a reflection of our precious life.
Life is precious.
Life is beautiful.
When we start reflecting how precious, how beautiful this is, our own life, each of our lives,
and the lives of everyone too, not just our own mind.
Every one of our lives is precious.
But start with me, with you.
You, life is precious, beautiful.
And with that, reflecting, thinking of that, or reflecting that thought, more joy and more
appreciation.
More grateful, more graceful.
More graceful, grateful, joy and appreciation, our life, our situation, our circumstance,
and our friends, family, in all, every situation, really.
All that, we do things.
And I like that.
I like that.
Of course, we have some difficult troubles in our lives, these things.
But when we start to practice and meditate, we have to highlight our goodness aspects.
We're going to practice from the light to light, not from dark to dark, and a darker and a darker.
That is not good practices.
That's not going to help us.
That will drain down us to the ditch, ditch, and then put on in the big holes.
We're going to lift it up ourselves from any situations.
When we do this, we're going to do joy and appreciation.
Bring gracefulness.
Graceful, bring joy and appreciation, bring gracefulness, gratitude to every aspect in our lives.
Should be grateful.
Should be.
This is not just happened by accidentally, according to Buddhism teachings.
Everything what we see, it has cause, it has condition.
Behind the scenes, behind the scenes, part of the senses.
That all of these situations, really.
Every one of those causes and conditions mixed up won't have this situation.
That means when we have the beautiful situation, that means every cause and condition
lines up our favor to happen to that beauty, that goodness.
Therefore, bring joy and appreciation and more gracefulness.
When we do that, what?
It will bring also really meaningful our lives.
It will bring also our heart is more softer, more tender, more nice.
It become nicer to your, one's own self.
It make brain nicer in such a beautiful environment to my family, our own family,
friend, and to neighbors to everyone.
And that is big, that is known as practicing dharma in Buddhism.
This is not just isolated, kind of like we are doing some digital.
That is the central column, one of the central column of the practice of the Buddha-Dharma.
By joy and appreciation, how good, how precious life is.
Then, next one is impermanence.
Therefore, you know, nothing is ever lasting.
Everything is moving.
On the gross level, on the subtle levels.
Gross level, how might things change in our sense we have the memory until now.
This is not just only happening our time.
That happened in the past too.
And this is happening now.
And it will happen also in the future too.
This is called impermanence.
Impermanence is nothing bad.
Impermanence is not this related to the phenomenon.
That way things are happening.
Happening.
So it is not ever going to last forever.
As I said, on the gross level, on the subtle levels.
Subtle level.
If there is nothing happening, change in the subtle level,
gross change impermanence is never going to come.
Even though we don't detract from the subtle change,
it is pushing and making this gross change.
This all things happen.
From the time to our asking to now,
how many things really changed?
To our self.
And from our physical, from our idea,
our mental capability, even my self or our ego or our self,
how many things have changed?
These will do continue this.
So therefore, everything is changing and not reflecting that thought.
That situation is important.
You are looking truly, exactly as the way things are.
We are not ignoring that.
We are not looking in other direction and ignoring realities.
We should see where things are.
When we look closer to the way things are changing all these things,
what it does, it making our again, heart is more subtle, more tender, more nicer.
It will also help us to have more common senses
so that we can deal in this world,
something more kind of nicely, more beautiful,
not clashing and not kind of bumping all the time.
Something more down to the earth, down to the ground,
more humble, more simple, yet performed in the continuing, advancing.
That really bad brain is.
At the same time, this spiritual love, even though love is so pretty, so beautiful,
this is not going to last forever.
Therefore, we should have to, by seeing this environment,
we should have the courage and the commitment to use, take the opportunity.
Well, everything is in our situation.
Our hand, really take the opportunity.
Do good things to myself, good things to others.
Others.
And we do that.
That we are fulfilling our goal, fulfilling our purpose of very life, this life.
Something is happening.
Something really you made impression to yourself, to the others.
Others.
Therefore, have courage and commitment.
And then, next one point is cause and condition.
When cause and condition come together and comes in, result is inevitable.
Result is inevitable.
That is, again, the role and the nature of the phenomenon.
Everything you see, what we see here now,
it has cause, it has condition.
With all the cause and condition, never come anything.
Never came, never coming or not coming, will never come anything.
Anything.
Therefore, we should do something good.
Every something we do good, it will reflect good.
That is the system.
That is the way of phenomenon.
Good brings good, bad brings bad.
Posen seed will bring and condition posen fruits.
Medicine seed will bring medicine seed.
There.
And then, in the mental level, what?
Love and kindness bring love and kindness.
Anger brings anger.
Hated will bring hate.
Violence brings violence.
That way of the system.
Therefore, we should try to always line it up and kind of line it up
and then add one second, toward doing something good things.
Best of love and kindness and compassion.
Compassion and really good for you and good for the other.
That not going to go forever.
That is not just did that moment and then free.
That ripple effect, chain reaction, continuous goes on and on.
According to Buddha's teaching, that will go a long time.
Whatever we do, activity, that is not just going to disappear right there
or right after whatever we did, it goes on.
And more than that, according to Buddha's teaching,
we bring something to our mental status.
Mental status as eye closed, more than time.
We printed something.
We registered something, mental status.
And from that mental status, eye closed,
when you were searching, when your tongue comes,
it will reflect again, reflect again.
This is the way things are.
And that is what in Buddhism, known as karma.
This is karma.
Therefore, we should always, when we know that, what we have to do.
We are always thoughtful, always mindful.
Mindful to every other actions and trying to do the good.
Good is good. It will bring good.
Bad is bad. It will bring bad.
If it's big, it will bring big bad.
If it's big bad, it will bring big bad.
If it's small, it's bad, it brings small bad.
If it's big good, it brings big good.
And a small good, small good.
But the ripple, ripple chin reaction goes on and on.
On, in a way multiplies.
Multiplies.
So therefore, always thoughtful to every other actions.
With mindfulness, trying to always strive.
Strive or drive toward good activities.
And good activities with what?
Why? It becomes known as good, good.
Because it starts with love. It starts with compassion.
It starts with kindness that you have in your heart and mind.
When that action is reflected, it's called good activities.
Activity of love and kindness and compassion.
And kindness, kindness when it comes to the action.
That's called good actions.
And activities of anger and jealous, hated, towards, cares.
That's called bad activities.
So trying to really activate more love and more complicated activities.
Those are known as kindness.
If you do this, what it also will bring?
It will bring more ourself, more reward, more in quality.
It will also really bring more kindness.
Yourself will feel happy, "Yo, I'm doing good."
And also your friend and family member also will appreciate more.
More they will see, see benefit above.
And therefore they will go more comfortable and happy.
That is this reward.
Reward in that moment to ask to the family.
But not just that.
It's called brother's duty. It goes on.
It goes on. Have so many benefits, one after the others.
Others, all of them.
And then, next one is samsara.
This world has troubles.
World is not pure land or heaven.
This is in samsara.
We have difficulty to doubt the father of this world.
Poor.
This is nothing again unusual.
That happened in the past too.
And when you read history, how many things came?
We read.
And how many things are now changing?
Happening.
And how many others will go on in the future too?
So therefore, by seeing this, reflecting this, this, we should.
Should be more strong, more kind, more compassion.
And really happy.
Everyone, no matter what you are going through,
or whatever, everyone needs kindness.
Everyone needs compassion.
Everyone needs love.
And we really kind of wish, pray, love and kindness
and compassion for all, everyone.
We are doing something, very good contribution to the world.
And also it will subside some review of all this difficulty
to change what they are going through.
So those are known as poor points.
And many of you know this.
It's nothing new that I'm talking.
But I'm just reminding to all of us,
that's what the greatest teacher, Buddha, said.
The meaning and the purpose of the Sangha is
to help each other, support each other,
remind each other.
That's what the greatest teacher said.
So in a way, I'm reminded to all of us.
I'm reminded to myself, I'm reminded to yourself.
To you all.
So that is generally, every time,
every kind is reflecting of this thought before the practices.
For example, during the application and both each other
and then purely to understand the words and all that I said.
But after that, we are trying,
just reflecting on those four points.
Four points.
Breaks to life, impermanence,
and cause and effect is resolved by inevitable
and samsara or world has challenged in a difficulty.
The poor thought is known as, is reflecting.
And it will, again, all that will make what always in the teachings,
it will make, as I've repeated many times,
it will make our heart is more soft,
heart is more tender and more practical,
more common in senses,
and not just always carry the bubbles of the air of wellness,
all that kind of that.
It will bring us to the ground,
the ground where we are standing.
From there, we can grow and develop that.
So it makes beautiful thoughts.
So reflect those thoughts in a short time,
and then after that, if you have time, for example,
now I'm talking, you're going to meditate more,
one session, for example, one hour, half hour,
if you have time to meditate there, silence meditation.
Then, same way as we did, do the lineage prayers.
It's full of devotions, joy and appreciation.
Devotion is, again, another very special calling of the mind.
Mind opens a door of our heart and mind
so that all the blessings can come in our heart and mind
so that we can activate our Buddha nature.
Our Buddha nature is the sunlight,
sunlight that comes to our Buddha nature,
see it, and that will make growth of our really Buddha nature.
So therefore, again, have strong devotions
with those who do the lineage prayers.
After lineage prayers, then you do the meditation.
Meditation, as meditation, as always,
says two meditations.
Two meditations are known as Samadhi meditation
and Vipassana meditation.
Samadhi meditation and Vipassana meditation,
again, I said many times, and many of you already know,
it's not something you don't know,
but I said before, if you can have time,
you have time, do your time, Samadhi meditation.
That is really concentrating your mind,
and not let go to any way, just be concentrated on the object.
That object, you can put some object in front of you
as Buddha stages, or small marble,
or whatever you can put, and concentrate on that.
That all is simply watching, breathing, by the breeze.
Then, hurry to the other day meditations with the good postures.
That means, if you are sitting on the floor,
if you have a good leg, no troubles,
try to set semi-lottled postures.
Sitting on the floor with the semi-regular postures
or lot of the postures.
The back spans are very straight up,
and then hold your hands towards both hands,
and join together as an equal name in Madhura,
right below the narrow center,
and then eyes are looking towards the tip of the nose,
let it down, or semi-open, semi-close,
and close your mouth, and let the air come,
breathing come from nostril, very gentle,
exactly where your breath is nothing to change.
And now, relax in your mind,
that whatever you concentrate on, that status.
And stay for that status, whatever you have time for.
Five minutes, every say, five minutes, three minutes,
really trying to stay there.
So that means, you're making some really effort,
effort and forceful to stay mind with that object of concentrations,
making that effort, you're making that.
And that is known as Samatha Meditation, breathing status.
Once you're able to maintain your mind,
most stabilize, kind of let it that way,
and then you do the Vibhachana Meditation.
Vibhachana Meditation is this terminology or synonym
as Dzogchen Meditation.
Now, Dzogchen Meditation.
That means, now you're going to totally relax us.
As I said in Samatha Meditation time,
you're making forceful to stay mind.
But this time, no force.
Force, simply you're going, we're going to relax our mind.
Mind.
Where are we going to relax our mind?
Where, how?
We're going to relax our nature of the mind.
We're going to relax our mind, the nature of the mind.
Nature of the mind is what?
It's known as emptiness mind.
Those are the terminology used.
To do this, and you sit with the right posture
or the semi radial posture,
or sitting on the chair wherever you're comfortable,
sitting, and straight up, same posture,
and then the same posture as Samatha Meditation.
And then, look inwardly by yourself.
By your mind, look to your mind.
When you look to your mind, you're not what you see.
There's nothing really to see, anything.
That is the nature of the mind.
And then, just relax now.
Relax on that.
Be in that status.
And that nature state is, what in the teaching said,
is pure from the beginning, free from the complex cities.
There's nothing, any border or any kind of like,
any object, anything you see is free from all the complex cities.
Those complex cities, what it was called,
existing, non-existing, permanent, non-parmanent.
All eternal or nihilist negation.
It's free from the negation, free from the internal,
free from the existing, free from the non-existing.
And the existing, non-existing, eternal negation,
those are known as complex cities.
They are the complex cities.
They are like, in the way, it is publications.
Your mind is free from the publications.
And that you can read yourself when you look to your mind.
What do you find?
Point.
There is nothing really to find.
And we look carefully.
There is nothing to find.
And every somehow, that again, understand what that means.
Then, what in the teaching said?
Said, where mind come from?
Where mind is come from?
And look to the source of your mind.
And where is mind now?
Where mind is going?
Or where?
After you look that three ways, what answer do we have?
Where mind come from?
What answer do we have?
There is nothing answer, no answers.
It's called, source is free from.
Free from the source.
Mind is free from the source.
Source.
And where is mind now?
Now.
Of course, we always believe and we have mind now.
But where is now if we look carefully?
There is no answers.
Where, mind, where?
That means our past mind.
This prison mind, where is going?
There is no destination.
So there is no source.
Mind is free from the source.
Mind is free from the existing in the prison.
And mind is free from the destination.
So what is that mind?
That is then in the Buddha's teaching,
named as emptiness.
But emptiness is not the negation emptiness
or blank emptiness.
Emptiness is beyond the conceptions.
This emptiness, mind emptiness, what we are talking,
is beyond the conceptions.
Conservation cannot apply to any things,
any analyzations that consumption or idea like to put.
It's free from ideas, free from conceptions.
Conceptions.
That is what is known as the nature of the mind.
That is vipassana.
When you see that as it is,
that is known as in Buddhism vipassana,
which means supreme seeing inside, inside.
We never saw that before.
But now you see, exactly that how the mind is.
Moreover, it is a discipline.
Discipline of the mind is same.
We say all bad good is good.
Love, compassion is good.
Anger and jealous is bad.
That's true.
But when you look to the love and compassion,
where is that again?
Speech is so good, so powerful, so spiritual.
Also, love and compassion is the same.
It's empty or free from that whole ideas.
And this evolution of the negative is so bad, all that.
Reality also is free from ideas.
It's emptiness.
There's nothing.
So all is the same.
It's only what is bad, the difference.
It's our grasp.
Clinging, grasping, clinging, holding onto that.
Holding onto the idea, holding on that notion,
again and again, that.
But even holding itself, every look, is free.
It's the entry.
There's nothing substantial and solid at all.
It's the illusion, or that's the terminology.
There's nothing existing.
That is you look, this is of course the greatest teaching of Buddha's teaching.
But what the greatest is, is not just I say that you believe.
You look your own self.
It's true or not.
That's true.
When we look, it looks like true.
What we find, what we answer.
We have any answer than that.
Or it is looking better idea than that.
Nothing.
And by maintaining that now,
exactly as it is, exactly the way things are,
maintaining that state is known as meditation.
Meditation absorptions.
And here I say, even if you see this.
Poem, dissolve to the organ space.
That great emptiness, that openness,
what we discover the nature of the mind,
that is the organ of spaces.
That is saty-ness samadhi, saty-ness.
Saty-ness, that is the saty-ness of true nature.
Samadhi means meditation, Sanskrit word, concentrate, meditate.
So meditation of the saty-ness.
That is organ and nature.
Relaxing on that state is known as, as I said so many times, meditate.
Now we should maintain this.
That is the dissolving state or complete state.
To maintain this state.
And this is the will that we carry.
This is our original will of the true nature.
Now we are beholden as it is.
Will is, our will is beyond the consumptions.
And beyond the territories.
Beyond the existence.
Beyond the negations.
And beyond anything to hold.
We relax in that state.
Relax in that state.
When we relax in that state, then again all the display will arise.
That means the thought will come.
This is the part of the display.
As I said, nature of the mind is known as emptiness, it is not the blank emptiness.
It is the fullness of all the energies.
I am using terminology as energy, but it is not a solid energy.
It is pervasive qualities of the nature.
From that, all these thoughts are arising.
When this arising, that thought has already said.
I already said.
That nature is nothing changed.
Nature of that emptiness is nothing changed.
Every our thought, every incident our thoughts are emptiness thoughts.
Every our loving kind of thought is the emptiness of loving kindness.
And compassion is loving emptiness of compassion.
Everything is like that emptiness, that openness, that freedom.
It is just headed as old in the nature as it is.
The old in the nature of our mind.
Every display of our conception, even the spark in many ways and this and that, all the nature is
the same.
As like water, for example, waves in oceans.
There is a lot of waves in the ocean, there is waves in the ocean, tide and all that comes.
No matter whatever display you see, they are not different from the water or ocean.
It is the same, it is just a movement.
The waves and the tide, the ripples, whatever is the same thing as that ocean.
There is no change, nothing changed.
Same way, all thoughts, all this, this, whatever comes, nothing changed.
Only what is changed, where we handle it, where we handle it.
And where we handle it, when we grasp in the whole thing, then it becomes hard.
Solid, even it is not solid.
It becomes solid and then disturbed.
We let it go as it comes, it starts to solve.
Disturbance, it is not disturbed, it is a display.
That is what all those zoki monsters, zoki practice, say, liberating as it arises.
Not permanently blocking the thought, not pursuing chasing the thought, let it be.
Let it come, let it be and let it go.
Those are the instructions used to bring this realization, to ring the bell to us,
so how we should handle it.
If we don't let it go, then we grasp it, we cling it, then it connects with emotions.
Even beautiful loving kindness, we sometimes spoil as emotions.
Even beautiful compassion, we spoil, whereby those are our graspings.
Then anger and yellows, we already spoil, then they are dense and they are very disturbance, very
disturbance.
Disturbance, and then it adds mass to our soul and to everyone's.
But all that starts with this prompt, emptiness mind, is the echoes or the waves of the emptiness
display of the mind.
See that exactly as it is and maintaining that, then be in that sense.
And meditating or being in that sense of meditation, what is known as that?
We continue that liberative. As it arises, you liberate.
And when we are able to do that, what is it doing?
Then you are really exploring the true trigger of the emptiness nature of the mind, true trigger.
When you let it go as it is, you reveal the true trigger.
What is trigger? Trigger is love. Trigger is compassion. Trigger is wisdom.
Trigger is joy and apricot.
That is reworldly. And you become also courage and very strong, strong confidence.
You are not caught with emotion and not covered by that grasp of emotion.
You are fully extending your ways of the true nature as it is to fly and to cover the horizons of
the true natures, as it is.
Really it begins with that. And then discover the inner college.
All the beautiful inner colleges, infinite inner college, trillions from that, then known as,
finally known as, become the Buddha's.
Getting enlightened or become the Buddha's.
Buddha is not just something coming from outside or become something certain thing.
Buddha is, as we say so many times, we discover the exact nature of the mind of what we hear.
Without the blockage of happy depression or these emotions, negative emotions, we discover exactly
that nature as it is.
With that we discover exactly Durya Tulu as it is, whether mind of Durya Tulu, whether form of Dury
a Tulu, whether sound of Durya Tulu.
And now we discover exactly the whether mind of the Durya Tulu as it is.
That is known as the practicing of the Durya Tulus.
All complete stages of the practicing. So meditate in that state as long as you have time.
In that time. So if you have time you can stay for 10 minutes, 5 minutes, 1 hour, 1/2 hour,
whatever.
This is Dzokhi meditation. That's exactly this.
Dzokhi meditation, that will directly connect to true nature, all inner nature, quality as it is.
During those times, during those meditation, occasionally the brain, again, start with, already we
say, start with joy and appreciation and devotion and both each other.
But even during that meditation, just for few seconds, like 2 seconds or the half minute, there's
just very more joy and appreciation.
Let that joy and appreciation also arise, this arises from that great implement built from that
space, arise.
Let that arise again and let that also prevail to hold the space of the pure nature, natures.
And then again relax, relax, continue meditating on Dzokhi as we start.
And then occasionally arises the deep power of loving kindness, compassion or body, for all really
living beings, to every living being.
Just for, again, half minute or whatever, 30 seconds, whatever, great, every good thing, to every
living being.
That also expression of your true nature of this absolute state of mind.
And that came and let again that merge back to that source, where it comes and relax continually on
that great Dzokhi status.
And then occasionally let it come, great joy and appreciation.
Again, how beautiful, how wonderful, how precious that I met such a beautiful situation, something
that I have and I have such beautiful teachings.
That gracious teaching of the Buddha Shakyamaji is not all for accident, truly this is, I'm
connected to this.
And pray of those joy and appreciation.
Again, from the deep way of your nature of the great emptiness of the mind.
And let prevail that in the deep nature step was in the space of the great primordial nature state
of mind.
And let that also subside again back to this own net and continually maintain, meditate on being in
that status.
Status. So those are then, okay, and then continue meditate.
And that is what, oh, okay, can also bring great devotions, devotions, and let that subside that
same way as that and continue meditate.
So that is really about this complete stage of practices.
So after you meditated that, pause for this meditation.
Then the premier said, after that, and then from the, again, then it reappears, that is.
This is just a reminder, again reappears means it's mainly pause the meditation, pause the
meditation or a procession is now complete of that.
But still you should keep continually your meditation, that realization, continually.
From here, again, from the unborn state of my own intrinsic nature.
That means that all inner space, all that satin state, satin samadhi, arise unceasing illusion
display, arise illusion display.
What illusion display?
Is mahanguru, Kriji, powerful? Doji, Tolu. Or Doji, Tolu, Tolu.
And as well as entire medulla, what is all appeared, reappeared.
Exhale as it, as meditated in the time of the, of the regular form, regular song meditation.
Exhale at the appeared, exactly. It's not just appeared, they are like that. They are that space.
Everything is regular form, every form that we see by eye, eye is a regular form, every song system
we hear through our ears senses is a regular song.
Song. Then every of our mind and space, as we discussed, is a regular, what's the mind?
And these three regular states, also not from, different from each other, all in all.
That's the nature. It's all is all. There's nothing really changed.
Any, only it is the, the highlight of the expression of the display of the true nature.
Nature, reality level, all is in the same. Same.
This is not three different parts or particles there.
And they see that. And, and here was it.
Of the mahanguru, Kriji, powerful? Doji, Tolu, as, as bubble appears in the water.
And that means, all is illusion display.
Help me do what you see. All, even though they look like so solid, this wall and mold and all that.
According to the Buddha Kriji, it's all, no, it's like illusions.
There's nothing really substantial solid existing at all.
It's all the combination of the many particles or the many atoms, atoms, atoms come together and
perform.
Even those atoms have so many particles.
And so this is like hallucination bubbles of the formation of the universe.
Therefore, those great enlightened beings that can go through the mountain, can go, can go through
the walls.
They can walk on the water. They can walk in the sky.
And because this is, what we see is because we are bounded and caught by the duality.
But when you release this duality boundaries, nature is totally freedom, totally flexible.
Therefore, they can do so many things, what we call miraculous activities.
It's not just miracle, miracle, they're doing something.
But nature is that.
They join the exact expression and call it where the nature is.
That's what. We have completely become unrealistic.
We are out of that because of our dualities.
They are like in the central of the way that nature is.
That's the difference. So then everything.
So as bubble, apples and the bottles.
And with that, and then next one is what?
This is known as dedication and aspirate.
So now, after that, what we said, said at the beginning.
Beginning good, middle good.
So we completed really beginning good, middle good.
That we completed.
Now is the ending good, or the third good, the ending good.
Ending good is the dedication and aspirations.
Aspirations and the more aspiration, praise.
So those are ending good.
So this again, we started our practice with good motivation.
Good, beginning good.
What is the beginning good?
Again, beginning good is job and appreciation, kindness.
Comparing your thought to all living beings.
Wishing everything best to every living being.
Not just wishing now that, but wishing that good to every best forever.
And all the difficulty tuples are freed from ever.
And cause of difficulty tuples are freed from forever.
That's what we wish, and that's what we, with that attitude, we meditate in the practice.
Then we practice.
Now we come to the concluding of these practices.
Also we are going to the concluding of this practice exactly where we started.
We started with good heart.
Good heart, good wishes.
So we're going to do that.
We're going to aspirations.
We're going to good wishes.
Same job, we're going to dedicate.
Any merit, any power, any good things.
And we got something by this merit practice.
We're going to that distributed to all living beings without any discriminations.
And without any judgment.
We made this become cause to remove that suffering and difficulty tuples.
And cause of suffering and difficulty tuples forever.
And they become instantly wake up to the ordinary Buddha or become the Buddha.
We wish this.
So that's what's called aspiration and dedication.
Dedication is one of the very, as I said two times,
is one of the very special teachings of the Buddha Shakyamuni.
And it's called lines rose.
This is not any other great teachings mentioned.
But Buddha said even the merit or energy which should share that to every living beings.
So here, how is it?
It's delegation as prayers.
That is here.
Who is Sanskrit?
Sanskrit syllable and which means expression of joy.
That means now we practice this practice with good heart.
Beginning with good heart, beginning practice with good heart.
Middle practice with good heart and assembly.
We did wonderful.
That's a speech.
Something we could rejoice.
We could have it.
Therefore it's called hope.
And now not just only that.
We have something to share to every living beings.
Please put their good and happy in peace.
Peace therefore is like what we feel happy in the joy, what we did.
And we are happy in the joy what we have to share to everyone.
And what we are going to wish to others.
That is Sanskrit word.
It means whores.
And here is it then on the supreme path of the boneless supreme yanas.
So we follow the supreme path.
That means it's the very inner teachings.
We have given varieties of the teachings.
But this teaching what we practice is supreme yanas.
That means it is directly benefiting to, we are going to work to benefit all living beings.
Directly we are going to try to remove our duality and habit that hindrance of our mental state.
So we can become as really true living Buddha's or our son become Buddha.
So this is a supreme powerful path or the technique that we are.
We are.
And so therefore this boneless supreme yanas.
Because of that technique in the teaching.
Then by the practicing that indestructible primordial wisdom.
So I practice on primordial wisdom.
Primordial wisdom is indestructible primordial wisdom is what is your our own nature of the mind.
Our own natural mind is indestructible.
It is unchanging.
It is primordial wisdom.
We try.
We practice to reveal that with blessings of the Duryatolu primordial wisdom.
And guruvaty is primordial wisdom.
Indestructible primordial wisdom of the body, speech, mind or the blessing Heruka of the Duryatolu
by their blessing.
We combine toghede in a way powerful of the blessing light of the indestructible of the body's mind
of the Duryatolu.
And that light heat or going to that powerful acumen or for that technique to put to our primordial
wisdom.
Primordial wisdom so that we can reveal fully as it is.
Because by that that power whatever the power I share that to all living beings.
And by that may everyone also reach the below.
So I wish that one of my practice is married, one of God practice.
I share that to all living beings is dedicating.
And what by that I wish everyone become enlightenment free from the suffering and the difficulty
and trouble and reach to them.
That state is then aspiration, please.
And the next one is aspiration, please.
And that is also a spiritual prayer but this is aspiration.
And that is against it.
And the whole Duryatolu, the embodiment also gathers.
And then I mean you know it's already translated here so I don't want to go too much.
And the mighty power for Heruka, destroyer of the old obstacles.
May all the obstacles be removed and all good certain terms be actualized.
And may everyone, acupical city and swiftly attend supreme and only accomplishment.
And that is the acupical prayer, again it's aspirational prayer.
And this time according to the instruction that you can visualize all the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas.
Such as peace of Buddhas, wrath of Buddhas, similar to the Buddhas of men and female.
And the Bodhisattva of men and females.
And all the lineage masters, teachers, men and females.
And then Dharmavala's men and females all came right in space as Venbo and the Duryatolu.
And all came and then as you prayed this and that moment they all sent their blessings in the form
of clothes.
And they shouted on every different direction of this world and beyond this world.
Every universe, every galaxy. It's really that completely shower, dome, the blessings of that.
So everywhere there is then become like everything is completely old, bad circumstances instantly
removed.
And then it also that means it removes all the like such as disturbance from the elements.
Unbalanced elements of water, the fire, wind, the earth, those are disturbance.
The natural disasters are completely strong and that also then become completely balanced.
The elements are completely balanced.
That balance of all the human mentalities are all balanced.
And there is no more wars, no more permanence, no more disease.
And it ever came up, came and completely subsided or removed that.
And then this universe everywhere is become like the golden egg of the Buddha Amitabha.
Amitabha can really feel that energy in this prayer, in some of the Ashpika's prayers that you can
do.
And so that is then concluding this practice and that is known as and then some other dedication of
our prayers.
And you can do those all known as ending goodness practices.
And so that means now we completed the beginning good, middle good and concluding good.
And that is my prim talk. I'm going to start here.
And now we have some questions. Please, we talk.